Add activity template folder (#3)
security-summer-school/template-public: session-name-1/activities/activity-folder-1/sol/README.md

# Activity Name: Solution

> This file would ONLY exist for tutorial activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file would ONLY exist for tutorial activities.
The README file for challenge activities is to be located in the corresponding folder in the private repository.
```

> This file would ONLY exist for Tutorial-like activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file would ONLY exist for tutorial activities.
The `README.md` file for challenge activities is to be placed in the corresponding folder in the private repository.
```

> # Name: Web/Binary: Session Name: Challenge Name

Reviewer: I don't think the solution README should repeat the description in the private activity README.

I would just detail the actual solution. A structure could be:

```
# Activity Name: Solution

Description of vulnerability

Insight on the solution

Detailing of the solution, with references to solution files.
Mention if there is a certain environment where the solution is to be run.
```
